VITOR TAKAO KIHARA

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER

(236) 412-0389

vitortk@hotmail.com

in linkedin.com/in/vitorkihara  New Westminster, BC

PROFILE

As a software developer with over six years
 of experience, I have a strong foundation in
 Computer Science and a passion for
 creating high-quality software. I am al
 graduate of FIAP, and have a track record of
 delivering user-friendly, scalable, and
 bug-free applications. I am dedicated to
 producing software that meets the needs of
 users and exceeds their expectations.

SKILLS

SQL,
Python,
Java,
MongoDB,
OutSystems,
Jira,
Agile & Scrum,
Pega


LANGUAGES

English (Professional Proficiency)
Portuguese (Native)

CERTIFICATIONS

Associate Reactive Developer OutSystems

Jul 2023

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Canaccord Genuity - Vancouver, BC

PEGA SUPPORT ANALYST, Feb/2022 - Sep/2022

Provided end-to-end engineering support, including designing, configuring,
 testing, and troubleshooting systems.

Collaborated with users to define functional specifications for hardware and
 software solutions.

Managed and resolved complex incidents using Jira and ServiceNow, ensuring
 minimal disruption to operations.

- Authored and maintained comprehensive user manuals and technical guidelines.

Deloitte - S達o Paulo, Brazil

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER, Jun/2018 - Nov/2021

Developed REST applications and microservices using OutSystems, Java, and
 Python.

Conducted unit testing and implemented object-oriented programming
 solutions.

Designed and deployed over 100 production packages with minimal downtime.

Monitored production environments and created detailed reports to meet
 stakeholder requirements.

Enhanced system performance by identifying and resolving bottlenecks in
 collaboration with cross-functional teams.

Deloitte - S達o Paulo, Brazil

JUNIOR SYSTEM ANALYST, Apr/2017 - Jun/2018

Delivered support for business applications and infrastructure in production
 environments.

Managed over 10 production tickets daily, maintaining a customer satisfaction
 rating of 95%.

- Prioritized and resolved tickets in collaboration with global teams, ensuring timely
 resolution.

Geber Outsourcing - S達o Paulo, Brazil

SUPPORT ANALYST, Apr/2013 - Apr/2017

- Installed and maintained IT equipment and configured servers with Windows and
 relevant software.

- Ensured proper server setup and system functionality for clients.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Eng.
 FIAP (S達o Paulo, Brazil) 2012-2017
Masters Degree in Applied Computer Eng. (Ongoing)
Fairleigh Dickinson University 2025-2026